hi guys this is sonal I'm going to take
you inside the world of fashion so let's
get started
well let's take a trip to the wild side
and get noticed with animal prints
shilpa shetty was the first one to get
animal prints in the industry and till
date this is one of her favorite looks
you have lot of options in animal prints
right from stools back foot wear dresses
top as you can see a manga nice animal
printed dress if you don't want so much
of the animal print and you want to go a
little subtle I'll show you some options
you can take a stole with a basic gun G
or a tube top like this and there you go
sported with skirt or denims you can
also get animal printed pants and wear
this with the tube or Gangi animal
prints by themselves say a lot so you
don't need to really accessorize it too
much
let the look be very fearless in itself
and let it speak for itself I have tied
my hair so it gives a nice neat look and
yet the focus is just on my dress for
the eyes go while have the animal
instant and let's do up your eyes
lots of Kajal liner
we could also make the eye smoking this
look so for my palette I'm using a black
you can also use a dark brown box or
mascara
you can wear studs if you want or very
small earrings bracelet is an option
neck piece I'll say avoid it another
thing to be kept in mind is that animal
prints usually come in the shades of
black Browns and whites so make sure
your Footwear is mostly in those stones
you can see I'm wearing a dark grey a
basic black bag or a clutch to go take a
trip to the wild side until then keep it
trendy
[Music]